README.md, before:

<img src="./art/repo_header.png" alt="Mapbox for Xamarin.Android" width="728" />

# Mapbox for Xamarin.Android
A Xamarin.Android binding library for [Mapbox](https://www.mapbox.com/android-docs/map-sdk/overview/) library.

## About
This project is maintained by Naxam Co.,Ltd.<br>
We specialize in developing mobile applications using Xamarin and native technology stack.<br>

**Looking for developers for your project?**<br>

<a href="mailto:tuyen@naxam.net"> 
<img src="https://github.com/NAXAM/naxam.github.io/blob/master/assets/img/hire_button.png?raw=true" height="40"></a> <br>

## Installation

```
Install-Package Naxam.Mapbox.Droid
```

## Usage

Plz follow the official guide [here](https://www.mapbox.com/help/first-steps-android-sdk/).

## License

Mapbox binding library for Android is released under the MIT license.
See [LICENSE](./LICENSE) for details.

# Get our showcases on AppStore/PlayStore
Try our showcases to know more about our capabilities. 

<a href="https://itunes.apple.com/us/developer/tuyen-vu/id1255432728/" > 
<img src="https://github.com/NAXAM/imagepicker-android-binding/raw/master/art/apple_store.png" width="117" height="34"></a>

<a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/developer?id=NAXAM+CO.,+LTD" > 
<img src="https://github.com/NAXAM/imagepicker-android-binding/raw/master/art/google_store.png" width="117" height="34"></a>

Contact us if interested.

<a href="mailto:tuyen@naxam.net"> 
<img src="https://github.com/NAXAM/naxam.github.io/blob/master/assets/img/hire_button.png" height="34"></a> <br>
<br>

Follow us for the latest updates<br>[![Twitter URL](https://img.shields.io/twitter/url/http/shields.io.svg?style=social)](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=https://github.com/NAXAM/mapbox-android-binding)
[![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/naxamco.svg?style=social)](https://twitter.com/naxamco)

Commit message:

Have to build custom AAR because of Java8 & lint.jar duplication.

README.md, after:

<img src="./art/repo_header.png" alt="Mapbox for Xamarin.Android" width="728" />

# Mapbox for Xamarin.Android
A Xamarin.Android binding library for [Mapbox](https://www.mapbox.com/android-docs/map-sdk/overview/) library.

## About
This project is maintained by Naxam Co.,Ltd.<br>
We specialize in developing mobile applications using Xamarin and native technology stack.<br>

**Looking for developers for your project?**<br>

<a href="mailto:tuyen@naxam.net"> 
<img src="https://github.com/NAXAM/naxam.github.io/blob/master/assets/img/hire_button.png?raw=true" height="40"></a> <br>

## Installation

```
Install-Package Naxam.Mapbox.Droid
```

## Usage

Plz follow the official guide [here](https://www.mapbox.com/help/first-steps-android-sdk/).

NOTE: Have to build custom AAR because of Java8 & lint.jar duplication.

## License

Mapbox binding library for Android is released under the MIT license.
See [LICENSE](./LICENSE) for details.

# Get our showcases on AppStore/PlayStore
Try our showcases to know more about our capabilities. 

<a href="https://itunes.apple.com/us/developer/tuyen-vu/id1255432728/" > 
<img src="https://github.com/NAXAM/imagepicker-android-binding/raw/master/art/apple_store.png" width="117" height="34"></a>

<a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/developer?id=NAXAM+CO.,+LTD" > 
<img src="https://github.com/NAXAM/imagepicker-android-binding/raw/master/art/google_store.png" width="117" height="34"></a>

Contact us if interested.

<a href="mailto:tuyen@naxam.net"> 
<img src="https://github.com/NAXAM/naxam.github.io/blob/master/assets/img/hire_button.png" height="34"></a> <br>
<br>

Follow us for the latest updates<br>[![Twitter URL](https://img.shields.io/twitter/url/http/shields.io.svg?style=social)](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=https://github.com/NAXAM/mapbox-android-binding)
[![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/naxamco.svg?style=social)](https://twitter.com/naxamco)
